# DACCS executive committee meeting

## Logistics

Where: Online

When: 18/08/2023

Committee members present:

Other attendees:

## Agenda

1. Round Table
- Maximo:
-    Departure of Mathieu, integration of STAC: CRIM's plan is to assign Nazim as the responsible person for STAC and respond to Deepak's feedback as issues come up
-    DACCS maintenance fund: CRIM figuring out how the financial reporting of this fund works, and the % shared with Ourannos
-    Cowbird: lots of work on that component internaly, recently reviewing the ' Mount in the notebook the private directory for climate / EO data so that user can get a direct access to the data offered via the data access services' issue
-    Ask Nazim to make David & Deepak to make them administrator to
- 
- Deepak:
-    Deepak is working with Nazim on STAC integration issues, will provide feedback as we go.
-    Now that STAC server is implemented, now its all about populator. If there's any modification to be made, it would be very quick.
-    End of September, the status for STAC should be pretty advanced. The only thing that should be left in stac would be a method to populate our own data (ingest through stac api
- Misha putting alot of PR for birdhousestack. Further discussion about Node autorization
- 
- David:
- Working on documentation (PAVICS API), containing all documentation for deployment of infrastructure.
- Would like to look into download monitoring, don't currently have aggregated data. Long suggest installaing a second layer of prometheus
- OGC has published an open a call for information, survey asking if we want to provide a persistent demonstrator. We could submit DACCS  as a single proposal, or different per organization https://www.ogc.org/initiatives/open-science/ . Deadline by mid-september !
- Alex:
- September 1st: Launch of website
- - Content review is in progress. Should be ready before launch. David from Ouranos offered help for review.
2. Software Architecture
   - Follow up from last week:
     - further discussion about the minimal subset of components for a node here: https://github.com/bird-house/birdhouse-deploy/issues/357
     - cowbird has been added since it will be required in 99% of cases
   - Discussion about how to implement authentication between nodes in the network here: https://github.com/DACCS-Climate/DACCS-executive-committee/issues/8
3. Potential Risks
4. Federation Decision
    - Follow up from last week:
      - Updated version of the node federation document can be found here: https://github.com/DACCS-Climate/DACCS-executive-committee/pull/4
5. Opportunities for Growth
6. Other Topics
   - Follow up from last week:
     - we chose "Marble" as a network name and purchased "marbleclimate.com"

## Action Items


## Notes

1. Round Table
2. Software Architecture
3. Potential Risks
4. Federation Decision
5. Opportunities for Growth
6. Other Topics

## Committee Decisions

